ge|1Moos|1 Mooseksen kirja
ex|2Moos|2 Mooseksen kirja
le|3Moos|3 Mooseksen kirja
nu|4Moos|4 Mooseksen kirja
de|5Moos|5 Mooseksen kirja
jos|Joos|Joosuan kirja
jg|Tuom|Tuomarien kirja
ru|Ruut|Ruutin kirja
1sa|1Sam|1 Samuelin kirja
2sa|2Sam|2 Samuelin kirja
1ki|1Kun|1. Kuningasten kirja
2ki|2Kun|2. Kuningasten kirja
1ch|1Aik|1. Aikakirja
2ch|2Aik|2. Aikakirja
ezr|Esra|Esran kirja
ne|Neh|Nehemian kirja
es|Est|Esterin kirja
job|Job|Jobin kirja
ps|Ps|Psalmien kirja
pr|Sananl|Sananlaskut
ec|Saarn|Saarnaaja
ca|Laul.l|Korkea Veisuu
isa|Jes|Jesajan kirja
jer|Jer|Jeremian kirja
la|Valit|Valitusvirret
eze|Hes|Hesekielin kirja
da|Dan|Danielin kirja
ho|Hoos|Hoosean kirja
joe|Joel|Jooelin kirja
am|Aam|Aamoksen kirja
ob|Ob|Obadjan kirja
jon|Joona|Joonan kirjat
mic|Miika|Miikan kirja
na|Nah|Naahumin kirja
hab|Hab|Habakukin kirja
zep|Sef|Sefanjan kirja
hag|Hagg|Haggain kirja
zec|Sak|Sakarjan kirja
mal|Mal|Malakian kirja
mt|Matt|Matteuksen evankeliumi
mr|Mark|Markuksen evankeliumi
lu|Luuk|Luukaksen evankeliumi
joh|Joh|Johanneksen evankeliumi
ac|Ap.t|Apostolien Teot
ro|Room|kirje roomalaisille
1co|1Kor|1.Korinttolaisillea
2co|2Kor|2.Korinttolaisille
ga|Gal|Galatalaisille
eph|Ef|Efesolaisille
php|Fil|Filippil√§isille
col|Kol|Kolossalaisille
1th|1Tess|1.Tessalonikalaisille
2th|2Tess|2.Tessalonikalaisille
1ti|1Tim|1.Timoteukselle
2ti|2Tim|2.Timoteukselle
tit|Tit|Tiitukselle
phm|Filem|Filemonille
heb|Hebr|Kirje hebrealaisille
jas|Jaak|1. Pietarin kirje
1pe|1Piet|2. Pietarin kirje
2pe|2Piet|1. Johanneksen kirje
1jo|1Joh|2. Johanneksen kirje
2jo|2Joh|3. Johanneksen kirje
3jo|3Joh|Jaakobin kirje
jude|Juud|Juudaan kirje
re|Ilm|Johanneksen ilmestys
